Refactor guide for 0.990 Release (#31)
ballerina-guides/resiliency-circuit-breaker: README.md

### Developing the Ballerina services with circuit breaker

> The `ballerina/http` package contains the circuit breaker implementation. After importing that package you can create

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `ballerina/http` package contains the circuit breaker implementation. After importing that package, you can create
```

> a client with a circuit breaker. `http:Client` allows establishing a connection with a remote party (endpoint), circuit breaker configurations could be provided while initializing the client. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
a client with a circuit breaker. `http:Client` allows establishing a connection with a remote party (endpoint). The circuit breaker configurations can be provided when you initialize the client. 
```

> The following code segment will add the circuit breaker capabilities for the endpoint.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following code segment adds the circuit breaker capabilities for the endpoint.
```

Changing the tense from future tense to simple present. Normally the word "will" indicates that the tense is future. It's good if we can apply this everywhere.

```ballerina
http:Client circuitBreakerEP = new("http://localhost:9092", config = {

>         // The 'circuitBreaker' term incorporate circuit breaker pattern to the client endpoint

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        // The 'circuitBreaker' term incorporates the circuit breaker pattern to the client endpoint.
```

Add periods at the end of all comments. These should ideally be in proper sentence format. Please do this for other comments as well.

>         // Circuit breaker will immediately drop remote calls if the endpoint exceeded the failure threshold

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        // Circuit breaker immediately drops the remote calls if the endpoint exceeds the failure threshold.
```

        circuitBreaker: {
            // Failure calculation window. This is how long Ballerina
            // circuit breaker keeps the statistics for the operations.
            rollingWindow: {

                // Time period in milliseconds for which the failure threshold
                // is calculated.
                timeWindowMillis: 10000,

                // The granularity at which the time window slides.
                // This is measured in milliseconds.
                // The `RollingWindow` is divided into buckets
                //  and slides by these increments.

>                 // For example, if this `timeWindowMillis` is set to

Reviewer: Let's merge this into one sentence. Something like:

// For example, if this `timeWindowMillis` is set to
// 10000 milliseconds and `bucketSizeMillis` is set to 2000,
// `RollingWindow` breaks into sub windows with
// 2-second buckets and stats are collected with
// respect to the buckets

import ballerina/mime;
import ballerina/http;

listener http:Listener orderServiceListener = new(9090);

http:Client circuitBreakerEP = new("http://localhost:9092", config = {

>         // The 'circuitBreaker' term incorporate circuit breaker pattern to the client endpoint

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        // The 'circuitBreaker' term incorporates the circuit breaker pattern to the client endpoint.
```

>         // Circuit breaker will immediately drop remote calls if the endpoint exceeded the failure threshold

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        // Circuit breaker immediately drops remote calls if the endpoint exceeds the failure threshold
```

        circuitBreaker: {

>             // Failure calculation window. This is how long Ballerina

Author: I think this should be fine for the moment. Cause the comments appear in two different places

>             // Failure calculation window. This is how long Ballerina

Reviewer: I notice it appears in three places. Eventually it might be a maintenance overhead as well to update comments in multiple places. 

The main concern I have is readability though. I feel a user who reads the first set of comments wouldn't want to read the same thing again. 

Would it make sense to put a note or something explaining that the code in this file is similar to the other file and values, etc. can be set in the same way?

>             // Failure calculation window. This is how long Ballerina

Author: I agree this could be a maintenance overhead. However it would make much more sense to have the comments on instead of not putting them at all when illustrating. Also consistency is important. 

If the developers are reading sequentially this would sound like repetition. However if they directly access the section by skipping this would be valuable.

Let's think about this in the next iteration

            resetTimeMillis: 10000,

            // HTTP response status codes that are considered as failures
            statusCodes: [400, 404, 500]

        },
        timeoutMillis: 2000
    });

@http:ServiceConfig {
    basePath: "/order"
}
service Order on orderServiceListener {
    @http:ResourceConfig {
        methods: ["POST"],
        path: "/"
    }
    resource function orderResource(http:Caller caller, http:Request request) {
        // Initialize the request and response message to send to the inventory service
        http:Request outRequest = new;
        http:Response inResponse = new;
        // Initialize the response message to send back to client
        // Extract the items from the json payload
        var result = request.getJsonPayload();
        json items;
        if (result is json) {
            items = result.items;
        } else {
            http:Response outResponse = new;
            // Send bad request message to the client if request don't contain order items
            outResponse.setPayload("Error : Please check the input json payload");
            outResponse.statusCode = 400;

>             _ = caller->respond(outResponse);

Reviewer 2: Shall we handle the error properly?

            return;
        }
        string orderItems = items.toString();
        log:printInfo("Recieved Order : " + orderItems);
        // Set the outgoing request JSON payload with items
        outRequest.setPayload(untaint items);
        // Call the inventory backend through the circuit breaker
        var response = circuitBreakerEP->post("/inventory", outRequest);
        if (response is http:Response) {

>             _ = caller->respond("Order Placed : " + untaint orderItems);

Reviewer 2: We need to handle the return error properly in all the places

                // For example, if this `timeWindowMillis` is set to
                // 10000 milliseconds and `bucketSizeMillis` 2000.
                // Then `RollingWindow` breaks into sub windows with
                // 2-second buckets and stats are collected with
                // respect to the buckets. As time rolls a new bucket
                // will be appended to the end of the window and the
                // old bucket will be removed.
                bucketSizeMillis: 2000,

                // Minimum number of requests in a `RollingWindow`
                // that will trip the circuit.
                requestVolumeThreshold: 0
            },
            // The threshold for request failures.
            // When this threshold exceeds, the circuit trips.
            // This is the ratio between failures and total requests
            //  and the ratio is considered only within the configured
            // `RollingWindow`
            failureThreshold: 0.2,

            // The time period (in milliseconds) to wait before
            // attempting to make another request to the upstream service.
            // When the failure threshold exceeds, the circuit trips to

>             // `OPEN` state. Once the circuit is in `OPEN` state

Reviewer: ```suggestion
            // `OPEN` state. Once the circuit is in `OPEN` state,
```

>             // circuit breaker waits for the time configured in `resetTimeMillis`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
            // the circuit breaker waits for the time configured in `resetTimeMillis`
```

>             // and switch the circuit to the `HALF_OPEN` state.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
            // and switches the circuit to the `HALF_OPEN` state.
```
